#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
boto3==1.35.58
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.35.58
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via xblock-sdk
coverage[toml]==7.6.4
    # via pytest-cov
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   xblock-sdk
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-utils==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock-sdk
idna==3.10
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lazy==1.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
mako==1.3.6
    # via xblock
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-django-pyfs==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
openedx-events==9.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
openedx-filters==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via xblock-sdk
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
pytz==2024.2
    # via xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   cookiecutter
    #   xblock
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   xblock-sdk
rich==13.9.4
    # via cookiecutter
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241003
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-sdk
xblock==5.1.0
    # via xblock-sdk
xblock-sdk==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
